Add whats next to docs pages. (#769)
osohq/oso: new-docs/content/any/getting-started/policies/index.md

  - Leverage the inheritance structure of application types with **specialized
    rules**, supporting more sophisticated access control models.

- You can use **built-in methods** on primitive types & literals like
strings and dictionaries, exactly as if they were application types.

> {{% callout "What's next" blue %}}

Author: Nope, will make it consistent

- Check out our [How-To Guides](guides) for more on using Polar
  policies for authorization.

> - Check out the [Polar reference](reference/polar) for more on Polar
>   policies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check out the [Polar reference](reference/polar) for more on the Polar
  language and syntax.
```
